Final Release:

In our final release, there are parts of the original game that will not be implemented.


1. Originally, we were planning on implementing all the cards in the deck- 60 total. Due to complications, we were forced to remove certain cards
   that do not fit in any common category. We have a total of 30 cards, triplicated to fill out the deck. 

2. The cards that are implemented do not all necessarily follow what is dicatated on the card. For simplicity's sake, we have downgraded the 
   complexity so that each card either deals damage to a certain player(s) and/or heals its caster. 

3. Some cards require a dice roll. We have made all dice rolls random- not depending on any user input. 

4. The cards and rolls that require glyph computations will not be implemented. 


The Bugs that we know about but will/ have not fixed: 

1. Currently, the turns are not regulated according to the order determined by the actual board game. The players simply go in numeric order.
   This has not been fixed, because our game just started to function correctly, and we do not want to add implementation at this time that might
   possibly be detrimental the game's functionality. 

2. The game does not always recognize that a player with 0 health is dead. It allows him to continue to play. We have tried debugging this, and 
   each time that we change the code, the game either crashes or simply stays stuck in a loop. Eventually, we decided it was better to have a 
   functional game that cycles through rounds rather than one that gets stuck consistently. 

Additionally, we have had to rewrite LocalGameActual, GameStateActual, HumanActual, and Deck. We also deleted various other classes including 
all enum classes. 

To Play This Game: 

1. Select the cards that you wish to play. If you play invalid cards, the screen will flash and not let you take a turn. 
   A valid spell consists of only one of each type of card: Source, Quality, and Delivery. The type of each card is denoted in the bottom right- hand
   corner with an S,Q, or D. 

2. Select the ready button. This will cause the cards to flash up onto the focus cards in the middle of the screen. The AI's will take their turn.

3. Repeat. 
